Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[gentle harp music]
[people chattering]
-Good?
-[man] I don't know.
-check 'em out.
-OK. I'm ready.
[woman] What do
you need to ask us?
What do you need to ask us?
[interviewer] How do
you take a good selfie?
Okay. so. you get
the good lighting
and then you angle
it towards the sun
to get your lighting.
And. then. pop your
lips like a fuckin' ho.
Look at this shit.
look at this shit.
Okay. so there are some
like this. where it's like...
Or pop your butt and your head.
You wanna go somewhere that you-
[girl screams]
So. personally. I like
the Pretty filter.
Perfect angle. look at
how skinny my chin looks.
It's not. so you either
turn sideways and you
close your eyes and kiss face.
Or you smile and
you turn your head.
That is literally
all you got to do.
[interviewer]  Why do
people feel the need
to take so many selfies?
[laughs] Because
people love themselves.
[shoes squeak]
That's all I've got.
[interviewer] So do you
take a lot of selfies?
-Yeah.
-[interviewer] Why?
Because I like pictures
of myself and memories.
[interviewer]  So you're
just a narcissist?
No. I guess everybody's
a narcissist in a little bit.
[woman]  I mean. narcissist
is a big word.
I think that if you
had the same technology
you have today back in the day.
back in the '80s or '70s.
it would be the
same type of thing.
I don't humanity is
any more self-absorbed
than what they used to be.
[lighthearted music]
[woman]  I think we've all
kind of fallen into wanting
something that's unattainable.
and will leave us empty.
[woman]  I mean. it's
basically people's way
of saying. like. "Hey. I'm
doing something exciting.
I'm actually out of my
apartment and I'm traveling."
It's like proof
that you're living.
[interviewer]"  I exist."
[woman]  Mm-mm.
That's pretty much it.
Like you don't wanna just
be. I don't know. nobody.
It proves that you're
actually doing things
and you're living and
you exist. that's all.
[ominous music]
[crowd chatters]
[uneasy music]
The longest I've waited
before was 14 hours.
[interviewer] You waited
14 hours for an iPhone?
-Yeah.
-[interviewer] Why?
[man]  To be first in the queue.
[consumers chatter]
I waited half an hour for
the people in front of us.
You want two green ones?
-Hi.
[interviewer] What are
you guys doing here?
Waiting for the new
iPhone and Apple Watch.
We are waiting for iPhones.
[interviewer] What
iPhone do you have now?
[man] The XS.
[interviewer] Why are
you getting a new one?
Because it's the new one.
[chuckles]
If you guys made a reservation
with us this morning. yep.
you're gonna come
right this way.
So I prayed for Jesus
and I got here exactly on time
for my name to be registered
on the pre-order.
So I just bless
the Lord for this.
[interviewer] For an iPhone?
[woman] Uh. you come--
go to the walk-in line.
[interviewer]  Do you ever
worry about the impact
that all this has
on the planet?
That every year you have
to have a new phone?
Yeah. but then I ignore it.
Okay. great job. guys.
thank you.
Yep. you're gonna
follow them.
OK. great.
[man]  That's exciting.
there's a lot of people here.
[interviewer]  It's kind of
like the Church of Capitalism.
I don't know what that
means but. OK. sure.
-Hey.
-Good morning.
How are you doing?
[crowd chatters]
[interviewer]  Did
you get a selfie?
[man]  With Tim Cook. I did.
He just walked by
and it was nice.
I have a couple with him.
So it'll be good to
add to the collection.
[crowd cheering]
[woman]  Here you come.
See? 5:30 in the morning.
so many people.
so big line.
[interviewer] Why do
you need a new one?
Just because it's new
and we're living once. right?
You need to get the best today!
Can't wait
for eight o'clock. [laughs]
[interviewer]  It's a
big day in New York.
'cause there's this.
and then there's
a huge Global
Climate March today.
[woman] Yes.
[interviewer] Are you gonna
go to the Climate March?
-No.
-[interviewer] Why not?
Maybe I should.
[interviewer]  Do you worry
about climate change?
[woman]  I'm not there yet.
That's not what I think.
And I'm not educated there.
but I have heard about it.
And we're living our life here.
so I don't know what is
going to be after us.
Maybe I'm disappointing you now.
but I'm being honest
and I'm being myself.
[crowd cheering]
Thank you.
[interviewer] Like a celebrity!
You should have just
bought an iPhone.
All you have to do is just buy
a phone and you're a celebrity.
Right. [laughs]
-Purple. purple phone?
-Yeah. purple.
[interviewer]  Do you really
need that new iPhone?
No.
[chuckles] I don't.
[interviewer] So
why did you buy it?
Because I wanted it.
[laughs]
I don't wanna miss out.
[crowd cheers]
[woman on loudspeaker]
We are the people!
[protestors]  We are the people.
[woman on loudspeaker]
The motherfucking people!
[protestors]
The motherfucking people.
Raising our voices.
[protestors] Raising our voices.
[woman on loudspeaker]
To the save the planet.
[protestors cheering]
[chanting] Hey-hey. ho-ho.
climate change has got to go.
Hey-hey. ho-ho!
Climate change has got to go!
What needs to be done.
Don't let them ignore you.
[protestors cheering]
[protestors chanting]
We will save.
-[group] Save now.
-We will save.
[group] Save now.
[protestors chanting]
[woman on loudspeaker]  This is
not the corporations' world.
this not the
politicians' world.
This is your world!
[protestors cheer]
[marching band music continues]
[interviewer] Why do
you think that Apple let
the new iPhone come out today
on the same day as
the Climate March?
It. honestly. might just be
like a media
distraction. really.
[interviewer]  But why
aren't you getting
a shiny new iPhone?
Um. because. honestly. that's
not on top of my priorities.
Like the Earth is
probably gonna die soon.
so that's why I'm out here.
[uneasy music]
[crowd chants]
Trump. Trump. Trump!
Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump!
[Newscaster 1]  President
Trump is holding a rally
in Minneapolis tonight.
[Newscaster 2]  And you can
feel the electricity in the air
as the city prepares for
thousands of supporters
and protestors
to converge downtown.
[crowd] Trump. Trump!
[supporters chattering]
Get your Trump hats.
All of them on sale. $20.
[Trump]  Representative
Ilhan Omar
of a really great
state. Minnesota.
[crowd chants]
Send her back!
[interviewer]  What does
"Send her back" mean?
All right. so. Trump originally
said. "Send them back".
A lot of the media
took it out of context.
It's saying. "Hey. go back
to your original home."
Saying that in
like a racist tone.
He was saying. "If you
don't like this country.
if you don't love this country.
if you're not gonna
fight for this country.
fight for our freedoms.
why are you here?
What's the point
of you being here?
If you don't love this. why?
I mean. you're just causing
division for no point."
[woman]  "Send her back."
oh. that's beautiful.
Omar. she should be
ashamed of herself.
She should go back to Somalia.
I'm with Donald Trump.
If you don't like it
here. buh-bye. see ya.
You don't have to be here.
And that's another thing.
People aren't speaking
the language here.
Oh. we've got everybody
else that wants to
come in here and speak Spanish
and Somalian and Asian.
This is America.
We speak English!
[supporters chattering]
What day is it?
It's Trump Day!
All are welcome here.
including our president. amen.
Get out of here. you
guys. I'm serious.
-Thank you.
-Hey. we love you.
-God bless you.
-[pedestrian] I love you. too.
How are you guys?
Good. how are you doing?
Are you Donald Trump supporters?
-[group] Yeah!
-Oh. wow!
-[supporter 1] You?
-[supporter 2] We love America.
Oh. but we love America. too.
I love America. too.
Donald Trump loves you.
He doesn't love me.
-[male supporter] Sure he does.
-No way.
[male supporter] How come you
don't think he loves you?
He tells people that look
like me to go back home.
[male supporter]
Oh no. he doesn't.
Yeah. he does.
He tells people that hate
America to go back home.
We don't hate America.
I know. you probably
love America.
That's why Trump loves you.
You love your country?
If you're not happy.
why don't you go back home?
[interviewer] He
said Trump loves you.
Why don't you believe
Trump loves you?
That's their words against him.
[interviewer]  So what
does "Send her back" mean?
"Send her back" means
"You don't belong here.
You're not part of America.
You are not part of us.
Go back to where you're from."
When I drive by. people tell me
to go back to where I'm from.
And I say. "I'm from
Northeast Minneapolis."
I live in Northeast Minneapolis.
That is where I'm from.
And I'm actually
headed there right now.
I'm heading there.
I'm going back to my home
and that's where my home is.
[group cheers]
[car horn honks]
[interviewer]  What does
"Send her back" mean?
It means. "Get her
the hell out of here."
And the problem is if
these women support
other countries more than
they support Americans.
then send them back to
those other countries.
I'm sick of their hate.
I'm sick of their intolerance.
Trying to divide people.
Telling people of
color that Trump
and his supporters hate them.
when that's absolutely not true.
[male protestor]
Traitor. traitor!
You're a traitor.
traitor. traitor!
How do you feel about her?
-I fucking think she's great.
-OK.
I love her.
I stand with her 100%.
What Trump was referring to is
that the countries that those
couple women had come from
have troubled countries
where they are.
He just said.
"Well. go fix your countries
before you try to fix ours."
You wanna fix some stuff?
You go to So...
Fix that stuff. See how it's not
easy to fix stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
But she doesn't have a solution.
She hates this country.
and it's been proven
by what she says.
Would you be one of the people
that would say. "Send her back"?
Yes. 'cause she came
over here illegally.
If she doesn't like it here.
then she can go back
to her own country.
if she doesn't like it.
[crowd chattering]
Send the traitor home.
Let her get a taste
of her own medicine.
Send her back!
We need more.
we need more of Ilhan.
Send her back! Send her back!
Send her back where
she belongs.
You done got it right.
[young man]  She needs to
appreciate where she is
and the love the country
that would take her in
when her own country
failed her.
[interviewer] Isn't chanting
"Send her back" racist?
I don't think it's
racist at all.
I think any people who hate
this country ought to go back.
If you hate this
country so much.
then leave. plain and simple.
[interviewer] Why do you
think she hates this country?
Because she is brainwashing
to a hateful ideology
from where she comes from.
It's a cultural thing.
not a racial thing.
[all chanting] Trump. Trump.
Trump. Trump! Trump! Trump!
[interviewer]  How do you
know you weren't brainwashed
at a young age?
Look. I love my country.
I love everything it
stands for.
You don't know
shit about America.
I went to Vietnam
when you were shitting
in your drawers. asshole.
-Get the fuck out of here.
-Well. I'm sorry.
Yeah.
[whistles blaring]
[crowd chants]  Lock him up!
Lock him up!
Hey-hey. ho-ho.
liberals have got to go.
Trump needs to stop
fucking spreading hate.
everything he says.
Can anybody have a
conversation here. anybody?
Shut the fuck up!
-Anybody?
-You shut the fuck up!
Have a little respect for me.
Put your cigarette out.
You're polluting my air.
You're in my fucking face!
-What did I do!
-Not you. him.
He's a racist!
-Everybody hates him.
-He's a racist!
Let him be a racist.
if he wants to.
-He needs to watch-
-It's his business.
Not everybody's gonna
like everybody else.
-No way!
-[whistles blaring]
[crowd] Hey!
You don't fucking push people!
[protestors clamoring]
He wants you to come out
and fight each other.
Think about it.
He wants us to be divided.
This is where we are
in history right now.
[whistle blaring]
[Trump] America is
thriving like never before.
And ladies and
gentlemen of Minnesota.
I will tell you this
with great certainty.
the best is yet to come.
[spectators cheering]
[Protestors] Whose
streets. our streets!
Whose streets. our streets!
We're here to show our support
of everybody that's against
Trump and his policies.
and what he's been saying about
the immigrant community here.
[interviewer]  What does
"Send her back" mean?
It means that he thinks
that this is not her country
and she need to go back to
where she originally come from.
which is just Africa. basically.
that's what he's talking about.
But she's American like him and-
He also means that
she's not white.
So he doesn't want
her here. basically.
as every other immigrant.
And he's been talking about
the Somalis. Mexicans.
he don't want us here.
He wants only
white people here.
[supporter and protestor
arguing noisily]
Why not?
We can agree to disagree.
No we can't.
because it's my life.
It's my life.
My family isn't allowed
in this goddamn country.
My family isn't allowed.
Listen. you're supporting him.
You're supporting him. which
means you don't give a fuck.
Be Minnesota nice.
not Minnesota ICE.
Don't support Trump.
report Trump.
He's not welcome
here in Minnesota.
land of the united and the love.
but not for Trump.
[protestors chanting]
I believe that we will win.
Get out of here.
Go home.
Fuck Donald Trump. fuck him!
Come on now.
If you guys can hold a sign.
he can hold a sign. right?
[crowd clamoring]
[protestors chanting]
Whose streets? Our streets!
[whistle blaring]
[crowd clamors]
[officer] That's enough!
[protestor] Fuck you.
Fuck you. bootlickers.
[protestors clamoring]
[Trump]  Congresswoman Omar is
an America-hating Socialist.
She is a disgrace
to our country
and she is one of the big
reasons that I'm gonna win
and the Republican
Party is going
to win Minnesota in 13 months.
[spectators cheer]
As you know. for many years.
leaders in Washington
brought large numbers
of refugees to your
state from Somalia.
[attendees jeer]
without considering the impact
on schools and
communities. and taxpayers.
I promise you that
as president.
I would give local
communities a greater say
in refugee policy and put
in place enhanced vetting
and responsible
immigration reform.
[protestors cheering]
[orchestral music]
[woman]  Every morning.
at each one of these
International Bridges.
you'll see a line of people
coming to seek asylum
in the United States.
because this is the formal
international border.
[crickets chirruping]
So. the tents that you see here
are people. asylum seekers.
that have been waiting
about a couple of weeks
to be able to go up the bridge
and be allowed in to
formally request asylum
from the immigration
officials at the bridge.
And God only knows how much
longer they're gonna be here.
because they're not
even being allowed
to go in to request asylum.
There was a process
that worked for decades.
We incorporated
these immigrants.
We made them part
of our communities.
And they made a life there.
And that's what these
people are looking for.
They're looking
to make a life there.
I mean. this is how people
live because they're desperate.
[interviewer] There's
a person under there.
There's a human being in there.
Yeah.
[car horn honking]
[woman]  In the back of my mind.
I think.
"Where is our humanity?"
Aren't we supposed
to be a country
that welcomes and helps?
Where are all those Christians
that talk about helping people?
[woman sighs]
Because this can't go on.
[thunder booms]
[somber music]
[Trump]  Millions of people
are flowing through Mexico.
That's unacceptable.
Millions and millions
of people are coming
right through Mexico.
And they're coming
up to our border.
Mexico should step up
and stop this onslaught.
this invasion into our country.
As you can see.
behind us
is the Walmart where 22 people
were shot and killed
August third of this year.
I was actually out of
town when that happened.
And so...
No. I don't wanna do it crying.
The story of what happened here
is parallel to the story
of what's happened
to our country.
Trump started with his language
about these people are coming
and invading our country.
and this one guy. OK?
Completely bought into it
where the language.
"invasion. invasion. invasion"
was all over his
manifesto online.
And so what does he do?
He buys a bunch of guns.
drives to El Paso. Texas.
shows up at the Walmart.
starts shooting defenseless
innocent people. because
there's an invasion going on.
[interviewer]  I'm here
for the grand reopening
of the Walmart.
Do you wanna go shopping
in a store
where 22 people
where massacred?
No. I would not go.
I really. they're gonna
open it either way.
So. I wouldn't shop here. but-
Hey. I will go and pay
my respect to the woman.
but I would not
go shopping there.
Like. I like. I don't go
grocery shopping now anymore
'cause of that happening.
The Cielo Vista Walmart
has reopened
after being closed
for three months.
[woman]  Well. I decided
to come.
I mean. just to kind
of face my fears.
At the apartments that
we live. you know.
we've got the three shootings
before this incident happened.
So. we live among that.
Well. everything that's so.
someone just go. and it's like.
"Come on. welcome to Walmart.
Welcome to Walmart!
So. every customer
that goes in there.
it's like. "Welcome to Walmart.
thank you to be here."
So. it's very blunt.
A little nervous. you
know. looking around
and actually. the people
that are hollering.
you know. it's a good thing.
but people and the
customers. they're afraid.
you know. because they
keep turning back.
and I heard a gentleman saying.
"Why... why are they hollering?
They're getting me nervous.
more nervous."
[cheering and applauding]
[man]  I served the army
five years.
and I do get scared.
I know what's out there.
And my PTSD. my anxiety
kicks in sometimes.
and it's just hard.
It took. it took a lot
for me to come here.
even walking...
I came here walking
and it took a lot for me.
it took me a minute
to get into the entrance.
but you know.
we just gotta move on.
[woman]  I'm a Mexican American.
she's Mexican American.
you know. we're targets now.
[interviewer]  Do you
feel at home in America?
[woman]  Right now?
No. ma'am. I don't.
[interviewer]  But you
were born here.
[woman]  Of course I was.
I was.
But since. you know.
Trump became president.
it's very different.
It's very different.
[woman 2]  It's come
to the point
where I just. like.
only speak English
if I'm in public places.
where I try to like hide
my ethnicity or my culture.
just keep my own bubble.
avoid a situation.
a conflict. a scene.
It's...it's the hate
that this person
had was already in there.
but it was dormant
and somebody woke it up.
And. um... 45. you know.
said what he said
and. you know.
ignited that. that little
spark that was already there.
[man]  The president then--
he didn't pull the trigger.
but his rhetoric. it--it--
you know. it didn't help.
You know. it didn't
help at all. that...
But I think that. you know.
that kind of rhetoric.
I think. it gets
to some people.
I'm from Las Cruces. New Mexico.
and I just came to...
to show my respects.
[interviewer]
How does it make you feel
about your country right now?
[man]  It makes me feel like
it's evil.
That's about it.
[interviewer] Is this
the darkest chapter
in American history?
No. it hasn't even begun yet.
It's gonna get worse.
[melancholic guitar music]
[woman]  Well. what I'm scared
of is going to a movie theater
or going to church.
going to Walmart.
Because I'm afraid
someone's gonna
come up to me
and shoot me.
You know what I mean?
It's just...
that fear is just...
it's just terrible.
But I don't think...
I just don't have hope anymore.
Like. I just feel like no
one's gonna do anything.
I just feel like this is
gonna continue happening
until like pretty
much everybody's dead.
["Joy to the World" plays]
[interviewer]  Why does
America buy so much crap?
[man]  Well. I mean.
we need to fill
the emptiness of our souls.
I guess.
Air fryer's number
one for me today.
Second item would
probably be some Blu-rays.
and then maybe a
video game or two.
See. this is the kind
of stuff you need.
And any household items.
I usually come away with
a lot of kitchen stuff.
You know. the thing
I really want.
but I won't spend the money on.
it's this arcade thing they
got here with Ninja Turtles.
Now that's something
I definitely don't need.
I set a goal of 250. came
out 270. so not too bad.
[grunts]
But I did get my air fryer.
I got my sister's gift.
I got my brother's gifts.
and I got a bunch of
towels for a dollar.
so. I mean. win.
[interviewer]  Why are
we here on Black Friday?
[man]  To fill the void in our
souls with material goods.
[interviewer]  Is it working?
Do you feel full?
[man]  To fulfill the intangible
with the tangible.
And yeah. it works.
[woman]
Black Friday in the US
is the biggest
shopping day of the year.
And this is part
of what is fueling
our environmental
emergency right there.
If we are going to
survive the next decade.
we are gonna have to do
some dramatic changes.
And this shopping extravaganza
is one of the things
that's gonna have to go away.
I really think we need
to do everything we can
to build community and
to prepare for. you know.
when the shit hits the fan.
which I believe
it is going to in the
next year to two years.
I don't see how it can continue
on this merry little lie.
This is all gonna end up in
a landfill or an incinerator.
They're selfie props.
so you can wear them
and take a picture of yourself.
This is just.
look at it as smoke.
as soot. as carbon dioxide.
That's what this is.
[truck beeping]
[tense industrial music]
[man]  We can't just blindly
consume items in stores
and not expect communities
like this to be poisoned
by the consequences of making
and disposing of those goods.
Children here have three times
the asthma hospitalization rate
as the state average
in Pennsylvania.
People have high
cancer rates here.
There are households
where every member
has a different type of cancer.
[dog barking]
It's classism and it's racism.
That's what it says
about our country.
[crowd cheering]
[woman]  It's Christmastime.
bitches!
[crowd cheering]
Fuck Thanksgiving.
yeah. it's over!
[audience laughing]
Yeah. bitch. I already
know what I want.
'cause I went to the
Black Friday sale.
[group sings]
Silent night
Holy night
All is calm
All is bright
[man]  This demonstration
that they're showing.
they're having here tonight.
is against Christian--
Christian values
and principles.
And I'm just concerned
that that causes more
trouble in the world.
So we don't wanna.
don't wanna see that.
[crowd cheering]
You ready for the holidays?
Bitch is here!
[crowd cheering]
Y'all are ready to have
a good time?
Come and behold him
[man]  I'm concerned that we
have lost our principles
or our core values
of our country
being founded on
Christian principles
and morals and values.
So that's my concern
about the country.
[woman]  I feel like America
needs a lot of prayers.
One of the reasons that
we're standing out here.
a lot of immorality is
being accepted and allowed.
a lot of things that
are not even normal
and healthy for society
and for families.
So. we're in need of a lot
of prayers at the moment.
Yes. busted. yeah!
Yeah. let's go. dummies. yeah!
Let's go! [clapping]
Yes. yes!
-Thank you very much.
-Yes!
-[shouting indistinctly]
-What's that?
Do you wanna press
charges or anything?
Yeah.
Tell him we forgive him. Yeah.
You guys don't
wanna do anything?
[man] Tell him
we'll pray for him.
-Yeah.
-Which we will.
Tell him I'll gift him a rosary.
Oh my fucking...
[murmuring prayers]
["Hail to the Chief" plays]
[man]  That's Herbert Hoover.
behind him is Eisenhower.
behind him is Bush Sr.
Here is Ronald Reagan.
His eye is all jacked up
because he took a 10.000
degree lightning strike
to his face a few years ago.
There's JFK with his
awesome head of hair.
[woman] Look at poor
George W.. he's deteriorating.
He's missing the
end of his nose.
and he is probably
the second most deteriorated
president
behind our friend Woodrow.
who looks like he's got leprosy.
[interviewer]
So how do you feel
about your country right now?
How do I feel? It could be
better. it could be better.
It's going.
it's going down a dark road
that I hope it doesn't.
but I feel like it's going to.
It's not gonna be good.
I don't think.
Virginia itself is not doing
very good right now at all.
[interviewer]  Why?
Well. at the moment. mainly
'cause of the governor
and the gun laws and people
not wanting the gun laws
and it's. it's a mess.
[thumping fanfare music]
[Newscaster 1]  Authorities in
Virginia are on high alert
as they brace for
a gun rights rally
at the state capitol today.
[Newscaster 2]  The FBI and
local law enforcement
are taking added
precautions after receiving
what they call credible
threats of violence.
[woman]  You guys are sending
the message to the governor
that the second
amendment is a basic
constitutional federal right.
[crowd shouting and cheering]
[man] We got your backs!
All right. guys. keep it tight!
[regal fanfare music]
Manager.
[woman] Keep it tight.
two by two!
[man]  Well. I look around.
a bunch of patriots.
People that defending their
right to the second amendment.
We will not comply!
[crowd] We will not comply!
Guns save lives!
[crowd] Guns save lives!
[man] Why do we limit my
constitutional rights?
You're not allowed to make
one statement every month
with your first amendment.
but I'm only allowed to
have one handgun each month?
With my semi-automatic--
Any limited. unlimited
rifles. shotguns.
the rest of it. but-
[man]  This is what we come out
and do and defend our rights.
Peacefully. forcefully.
and in strength of numbers.
That's what we do.
And we're--plan. the best
part of this. is continue
with this participation
in our government.
in our democracy.
and ensure that the cradle
of liberty. Virginia.
does not go down the tubes.
["Yankee Doodle" plays]
We have many thousands
of our fellow citizens
exercising their
constitutional rights.
I haven't felt more secure
since I left Afghanistan.
[man]  Just like in the old
west. we carry guns.
There's not gonna be anything
happening around here.
you know what I mean?
That's why guns save lives.
You're not gonna see fighting.
you're not gonna see bloodshed
because that's not what.
you know. what guns do.
Guns keep everything safe.
This is the start.
not the ending.
They have awoken
the beast in Virginia.
And we're here to tell them
you will not take our firearms.
[crowd chants] USA. USA. USA.
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.
USA. USA. USA...
[interviewer]  Do you
feel safe out here?
[woman]  No. no. no.
I mean. it kinda
depends on the day
and. like.
how people are acting.
'Cause it's kind of a
different day every day.
you never know what to expect.
But in general. I think
you shouldn't feel safe.
'cause if you do feel safe.
you're not prepared.
[man]  It's a fantasy world
over here.
We're living in a
crazy world right now
where it's like. you don't even
know if once you go to work.
you're gonna come
out alive or not.
Like. I'm even scared
to come out here.
We're here in front of
Mandalay Bay where. you know.
there was a shooting out here.
So. it's kinda scary
to be here in America now.
I mean. we've run away
from Mexico. myself.
like. we come here thinking
it's a better world.
In reality. we're all. like.
all scared to even. like.
be around everybody.
you know?
[interviewer]  That's the site
of the worst mass shooting
in American history.
and there's no acknowledgement
of it here at all.
It's like Las Vegas is
part of the fantasy world.
It's gaming. strippers.
everything out here. you know?
[interviewer]  Do you feel
safe in America today?
[man]  Not at all.
It's not so much like
I fear a mass shooting
or anything like that.
It's just that the overwhelming
desperation of the situation.
Desperation is the one thing
you can throw into a person
that will make them
go from very solid
to making one dumb mistake
and it can cost a lot of
people a lot of things.
This city is a perfect example
of what extreme wealth
gap will do. right?
You have people who
are literally starving
amongst just
overwhelming luxury.
They don't care
about us out here.
We're just kind of in the way.
You know. we used
to fight poverty
rather than fighting
poor people.
[interviewer] Is America broken?
Yes.
We--we absolutely
have broken ourselves.
It's a broken system.
but that's OK.
Because sometimes things
can still be fixed.
We just need to
actually put the work in
and recognize that
there's a problem.
[interviewer] Wait.
what is that tattoo?
Oh. this thing.
so I got this one
when I had one year sober.
[interviewer] Wait. so
were you a drug addict?
Yes.
[interviewer] Why?
Because they feel good.
Honestly?
Boredom. depression.
Like I said. it makes everything
a little bit more tolerable.
[interviewer] But
you're a white man.
The world is set up for you.
No. it's not.
it's not set up for anyone...
except for the rich.
it's set up for them.
They've got suites.
[somber piano music]
[woman]  I thank the lord
for my home. But it's hell.
OK.
Come on. you can go on in.
[interviewer] So. this
bathroom floods a lot.
[woman] Our both of 'em.
[interviewer] So how often
does this bathroom overflow?
Oh. Jesus. I can't
count the times.
I can't begin to
I moved in here
May 8th. 1987.
That was on a Friday.
On that Saturday. we got up
with a flooded house
from the kitchen.
And ever since then...
this is just flood.
flood. flood.
Waste have been in my yard
from the sewage thing.
And with them.
they have had to come out
and pump the stuff
out of my yard.
[interviewer] How come the
city's not taking care of you?
[laughs] Child. please.
I don't have no idea why.
[man speaking indistinctly]
You see where them leaves
are in there?
Where those leaves are.
right there?
The water come
rolled up past there.
My children have never been
able to play in our front yard
in the spring or the year.
because of the sewage
in the water.
Hm-hmm... Yeah.
Right. the toy. it's just
sad seeing the toys out here
and the kids can't play them.
Can't even come
out on the swing.
It's a sad sight.
Why would you know that
something like this exists
and there's something that
could be done about it
and you're not doing it?
Because it's not
profitable to you.
I am not a racist.
but let me tell you.
I have told them
over and over again.
If this had ever been a white
area with these problems.
it wouldn't be going on.
[interviewer]
You make it sound like
you live in
a third world country.
I don't know how the
third world country is.
but I know how this one is.
It's where nobody seem to care.
One guy said that we're not
a Christian nation anymore.
I said. when were we
a Christian nation?
We're not taking
care of the poor.
We're exploiting them.
[announcer]  The countdown
to Superbowl LIV
is on plan B. it's just
about ready to welcome
football fans from
around the world.
[drumming]
[man]  Love. baby.
unlimited love. baby.
Hey!
What's up. we're at
the Niner game. baby!
Let's get it!
Hell yeah. Niner
game right there!
[crowd applauding]
[interviewer]  What does
the Super Bowl mean to you?
It means everything to me.
I'm a football coach.
Yes. there you go.
good job. good job.
[interviewer]  Is your dream
that one of these kids
is gonna end up in the NFL?
I  know  several of these kids
is gonna end up in the NFL.
[man] Look at the cameras.
gentlemen.
[interviewer]  Is America fair?
No. no. no. not at all.
not at all. no. no. ma'am.
[interviewer] So
how do you teach
these little kids
that you coach?
How do you teach them to
grow up in an unfair world?
By letting them know
that they are human.
they are somebody.
and no one walks over you.
you stand your ground.
you stand up for your rights.
I appreciate Colin Kaepernick
for his kneeling
and I've kneeled
quite a bit just on
when the national
anthem is going on
because we know that the
justice system is not fair.
Yes. she got the blindfold on.
but she peek.
when she see it's black.
they get the max.
When she see it's white.
pull it back down.
[sirens whoop]
[interviewer]  Is
police brutality
still a problem in America?
[Coach]  And gonna always be.
It's not changing.
[interviewer] Do you
trust the police?
Not at all.
[interviewer] Do you
trust the cops?
No.
[interviewer] Do you
trust the police?
Hell no. do you?
[interviewer] Do you
trust the police?
Hell no. at all.
Every day. you see the
police kill black people.
they don't kill white
people every day.
[engines humming]
[interviewer]  Are all men
treated equal in this country?
Nope.
See. I was born with a stripe.
I'm a black man.
[interviewer] Do you
think America's fair?
-No. not at all.
-[interviewer] Why not?
Well. no disrespect.
but I'm a black man.
so I don't think it's fair.
[interviewer]  Do you
think America's fair?
-[man]  No!
-[man 2]  Hell no.
Hell naw!
But we grew up to this. we.
you know. so it's nothing.
we used to it.
[interviewer]  The Constitution
says all men are created equal.
Do you believe that?
I mean. I do believe that.
me. personally.
but I don't believe that
every man is treated equally.
[interviewer]  What does that
mean. "Keep America Great?"
I seem to have missed it
in my 21 years of living.
I've never seen America
being great at any time. so--
[interviewer]
What do you think white America
doesn't understand?
I think white America
understands everything.
white America doing
what they wanna do.
they keep everything
the way they want it.
in their favor.
["The Star-Spangled Banner"
plays]
[interviewer]  Are all men
treated equally
in this country?
Are you serious?
How am I supposed to act?
That's rhetorical. right?
Am I supposed to answer it.
are you serious?
[interviewer] Yeah. that
was a serious question.
What y'all think?
Until America understands
that everybody else came here
and we did.
we're the descendants
of people who got kidnapped
and we just want a fair share.
Until America addresses that
underbelly piece right there.
we can try to act like
we  Kumbaya  all we want.
but that's not what it is.
There's two Americas.
separate and unequal.
because at this point. the
same people that did us wrong
is the same ones trying
to tell us to feel good.
And the same one
that did us wrong
is the same one
that's telling us
to pull us up
by our bootstraps.
And we ain't got no
bootstraps to work with!
So it can't be equal.
Emotionally. we equal.
We love everybody.
Here's our problem.
Y'all gave us human rights.
You didn't give us
economic rights.
And until that happens. America
would never truly be equal.
[fireworks exploding]
[crowd cheering]
[ominous music]
[woman]  I'm here to support
a woman's access to abortion.
to make their own decisions.
[interviewer] What else do you
wear your Vagina Lady outfit to?
I've worn it to
multiple protests.
I register voters in it.
It's a great way to get people
to stop and talk to you.
and register voters.
I collect signatures
for ballot initiatives.
It's a great talking piece.
Here you go. brother.
Pro-life.
[woman] My body. my choice.
-My body. my choice.
[man playing shofar]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] They know that
there's life in the womb.
They don't deny that.
A lot of them just
want the right to kill.
Anyone for a free rosary?
And they have
different excuses.
But a lot of it is propaganda.
they believe it.
How do you feel about
being called a Nazi?
Is that how you approach
strangers. ma'am?
[laughter]
How about. "Hello. how are you?"
I mean. what is that?
Do you like being
called baby killers?
Who would?
[interviewer]  Do you have
any pro-choice members
-in your own family?
-[woman]  Yes. I do.
[interviewer] Do you
call them baby killers
and Nazis to their face?
I've been advised not to.
It divides people.
[group shouting]
[woman]  Everybody is here
because they want people
to know.
on their Instagram.
or on their Facebook.
I mean. hell.
that's why I'm here.
I'm here so that I can
take pictures for Instagram
of me holding my signs
in front of the Supreme Court
so that everybody would know
which side of history I'm on.
[interviewer]  This whole
thing is just a big show?
I mean. it's. it's not.
We're here today because
we care about our democracy.
And I think the folks
who show up here today
realize just how dangerous
of a precipice we're on.
Attention corona shoppers...
Gluten free. for the Apocalypse.
We're here to stock
up for coronavirus.
Bone Broth.
If corona hits New York.
everyone's gonna go crazy.
that's why we have to stock up.
We must be caffeinated
during the Apocalypse.
We're here to buy
a lot of everything.
Let's get some Charmin.
We need thirty rolls of...
'cause that's three
weeks of shitting.
[boy] We have enough
paper towels for months.
It's like that feeling.
you know.
like. when there's
a hurricane coming.
And it might not come.
You don't know.
Should I buy all of that tuna
and put it in my
basement. or not?
Do I need ten jars of peanut
butter. just in case? Who knows?
But there is this kind of.
like. secret joy.
like. I hope it hits.
How bad can it be?
And I think we're all kind of
experiencing that right now.
My dad has a 101 degree
fever in London right now.
They don't think it's the flu.
I don't know.
It's a pandemic.
I'm not too worried about it.
But if you buy a ton of food
and it's all frozen
and it's in your basement.
then you just have
a ton of food
and it's frozen
and it's in your basement. so...
If you take. like.
1918. as an example
of how you should be
thinking about it.
it's probably the way
to be thinking about it.
It's gonna spread.
Pasta substitute.
organic meats.
coffee.
ramen.
I spent about $400 on food.
[siren wailing]
[TV newscaster]  New York State
will now close all bars
and restaurants to the public
to prevent the spread
of the coronavirus.
[siren wailing]
Welcome. welcome to New York.
So. I know coronavirus
is a problem.
And I know there's.
like. the fact
that it's growing exponentially.
is why everyone is
worried about it.
and want to. like. you know. be
social distancing. and so forth.
The worst thing
De Blasio did was. he said.
"The bars are closing
tomorrow. or at nine a.m.."
which means everyone I know
is gonna go out tonight
and. like. party until nine a.m.
If they're gonna do it
seriously. they should say.
"The bars are closed now."
[woman] To better days.
[group cheers]
[man]  It really doesn't feel
like the end of times.
Everyone in there
would tell you.
"We're immune 'cause we
drink a lot of alcohol."
I mean. seriously.
I don't. it doesn't.
and I think that's
actually the thing.
You hear what our
leaders are saying.
as if the world is gonna end.
And. then. you go out and you
hang out with your friends.
and it doesn't
feel like that way.
[sirens wailing]
[woman]  I think that
we're gonna be fine.
It's the flu. basically.
We're gonna be good.
[interviewer] You think
everyone is over-reacting?
Yes. heavily.
Heavily. heavily. heavily.
I feel like shutting
down a whole city.
the panic and the chaos
is causing more damage than
the actual virus itself.
But anybody susceptible
to the virus
-needs to stay at home.
-So accurate.
Don't shut the city
down for the rest of us.
And these bartenders.
these people
that work in service industries.
they need their money.
-[woman 2] I fully agree.
-So they're telling us
two things: They're saying.
"Stay at home.
but. also. "Support
your local business."
-"Support your bodega."
-It's impossible.
What do you want me to do?
You're telling me to stay home.
but. also. you want me to
support my local business?
What do you want me to do now?
I don't know what they wanna do.
Nice to meet you.
You should know.
I fully agree with you
-and I hope that we say-
-[crosstalk]
-We're going to be fine.
-So worried about--
Everyone I try to give hugs
and people are like.
"Whoa. whoa. whoa!"
No. we huggin'. It's good.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Everybody...
[woman] Alright. my
beautiful people. it is 8 p.m..
and by order of Governor Cuomo.
we are now closed.
-[man] Fuck Cuomo!
-Yep.
And I don't know
when I can reopen.
And I can't take care
of my girls.
I can't take care of my staff.
It's fucking insanity.
And you know what
they still want?
They still want rent.
They still want sales tax.
They still want insurance.
They still want
all of the money.
but where the fuck
is it coming from?
But. at the end of the day.
you cannot kill community.
We are a community. We are one.
And we will stand in solidarity.
And we will be back.
[group cheers]
-Well said.
-All right. guys.
[Donald Trump]  If we are
vigilant and we can reduce
the chance of infection.
which we will.
we will significantly impede
the transmission of the virus.
The virus will not have
a chance against us.
No nation is more prepared
or more resilient
than the United States.
[sirens wailing]
[ominous music]
[TV newscaster]  The United
States is now leading the world
in the number of confirmed
coronavirus cases.
[truck engine roaring]
[car horn blaring]
[whimsical orchestral music]
Twenty-five million jobs need
to get back going again!
[car horns continue]
We want to reopen Virginia.
It's time.
This is just like a flu.
[man]  It's. it's just
complete treason.
It's complete treason to tell
small businesses to close down
and to force people
to close down.
You know. we've lived through
the Plague and the Black Death.
We've had all these
big things go on.
Not once our rights were
stripped away from us.
It's your right.
It's businesses' rights
to stay open.
And that's how I personally
feel about it.
[car horns blaring]
The people who are healthy
need to be let out.
[woman]  Everyone here can be
compared to a certain person
or a certain
movement in history.
We are. like. I guess.
Rosa Parks. in that.
for some people. yeah. it is
an act of bravery coming here
and resisting these
un-Constitutional orders.
If you're worried
about it. stay home.
-Exactly.
-You be.
you have a decision to make.
-You have a choice to make.
-What are you doing out here?
If you're intelligent
enough to do that.
if you're worried
about getting sick.
-you don't come out here.
-Stay home!
Brother. you know what?
We have a decision to make--
Oh. yeah. that's not gonna
do anything for you. mister.
[interviewer] What do
you think of all this?
-What do you think?
-It's horrible stuff!
People should get back
into schools.
Right. Good job.
[car horns blaring]
God bless.
Open us up.
Be safe.
Social distancing.
-[gentle acoustic guitar]
-[man]  Are you ready?
[man sings]
Amazing grace
How sweet the sound
That saved
A wretch
Like me
I once was lost
But now I'm found
Was blind
But now I see
[man]  Mainstream media has
brainwashed everyone
into fearing something
that shouldn't be feared.
Is it biological or
psychological warfare? Or both?
I think it's about as
deadly as a normal flu.
The flu kills more people.
viruses evolve. they change.
So. is it gonna be the next
virus. or the next virus?
We can't lock ourselves
up and hide from germs.
[woman]  I know too many people
that are losing
absolutely everything.
And just because they
say. "Oh. my goodness."
you know. "We. just
let us use common sense
and open up our business."
they're being portrayed
as evil. selfish people.
Well. I feel like there's a plan
and we need to follow
the Trump plan.
Trump says it's time to open.
so it's time to open.
[woman]  This is
The Great Awakening.
If it was. if it
was a time capsule.
I'll probably look
back on it with.
at least with a bit of a smile.
You have an amazing life
because of today and this time.
We. we're going
into the Golden Age.
[harmonizing]
You bet.
And this is pretty
much what it is for us.
every day. all day.
Every day.
all day.
One coming in.
One going out.
[door slams]
We've had about 167 people
within the last couple of weeks.
And they're just coming
in and out. just non-stop.
I had 18 bodies go
to the crematorium
within the past couple of days.
You know? And here we
are. back to Point A.
So. all of these are cremations.
And crematories are slammed.
Now we've got to
go by appointments.
Where before we would
just bring the person
to the crematorium and it
would be done in two days.
You'd have your loved
one back in two days.
Now. we're giving them
a turnaround of a month.
You hear stuff on the
radio. it's not real.
You know. you still
see people hanging out.
You still see people going on
walks and not wearing masks.
and just hanging out.
It's. it's nothing
to them. You know?
But in. in our shoes. dealing
with these people that pass.
going into trailers.
going in the hospitals.
everything's blocked off.
-You've got to-
-It's happening.
Yeah. It's happening. it's real.
I think that every state
should just stay closed.
try to treat the patients
who are in the hospital.
those who are sick. those
that need to get better
before you just open up
because it's gonna get worse.
The numbers are gonna increase
and we're gonna be. like.
overwhelmed. again. with people
that are passing from this.
And it's like
never-ending. in my mind.
It's. it's never-ending
at this point.
The President is
eager to open up.
I'm not gonna get
too crazy with that.
But. you know.
he wants to make money.
He wants to keep
the world going.
the dollars flowing.
And. to me. that seems
to be more important
than a human life.
All of our cases. all of our
decedents we have. we serve-
Almost all of them are COVID.
[woman in yellow]
Coronavirus cases. yeah.
[machine beeping]
[somber music]
[woman]  The only person who ever
100 percent provided for me
without needing anything
in return is gone.
His genuine love is what
I'm gonna miss the most.
No matter what stupid
decisions I made in life.
he was always there.
And now he's not.
So. that's...
that's the worst part.
[organ playing
mournful music]
My Dad was a very social man.
and at the end of his life.
couldn't enjoy his friends
because of coronavirus.
It hurts my heart
'cause he really wanted
to be around his
family and friends.
And we had to limit that.
We had to...
you know. just be careful.
We've seen that there are
hospitals in certain areas
that are predominantly
minorities.
that are kind of like maxed out.
We've seen them get hit
harder. faster. earlier.
Like more trailers...
And it hasn't slowed down
for them in the same way.
And I don't know if it's just
because the neighborhood
is pretty congested.
so it's easier to spread. or...
Social distance
is a privilege. Fact.
If you live in a multi-
generational household.
where your income depends daily
on whether or not you work...
you don't get to
socially distance.
If you live in tight-knit
housing. Section Eight housing.
you share elevators in order to
get to and from the trash chute.
social distance is not a choice.
A lot of this is playing out
in a really tragically
obvious way.
It's going to be the people
who are least able
to take precautions
that are most affected.
And the precautions
that. you know.
we're being told to take
are. are ones that expect
that you have enough
money saved up
to just like not work
and hang out.
and that your home
is a safe place to be...
that you have a home.
We kind of knew what was...
what was coming.
And. and nothing was done.
And if it was. it was
a bit late. maybe too late.
[singer playing guitar]
Madame Speaker
I do believe.
We've got ourselves
a quorum
But there are so
many people here
Gettin' kinda hard
to ignore 'em
They are chanting
in the halls
Surrounding the Capitol
Stomping on the staircase
And they're banging
on the walls
And they keep singing
This is why we're here today.
crying out for freedom.
freedom to open our church
and preach the truth.
We the people
We the people here to kill
these bills. let's kill 'em
[interviewer] Why
did you come today?
Because I... know
that these guys
have planned this.
There's billions
of dollars invested
in the Wuhan laboratory
that funded this virus.
I believe this whole thing
is orchestrated
to bring America.
and the world.
down to their knees...
subject to the government.
I come down here to tell
you that I do love you.
I'm super pissed-off
at all this shit.
But I do love you guys.
I love you. I pay. I pay taxes.
So. I kind of. like. you know.
pay you guys to do this.
for what?
I don't see any violence.
I don't see anything
that warrants all this.
Walk away and take
those things off
'cause they're very bad for you.
A lockdown is fascism.
If you lob that in my mouth
one more time. that goes off.
-Move back. Jake.
-Step back.
Get out of my face.
[ominous music]
[machine cutting plank]
[interviewer]  How does it feel.
walking right down here?
It looks like the end of days.
I mean. Rome's burning.
The system is broken and
it's just all around us.
[dog barks]
It's just like empty streets
and the only people. really.
we see down here
are homeless people.
And. and they're. and no
one's helping them right now.
So. they've got it worse
than they've ever had it.
Yeah. it's really depressing.
They're not getting any
of the services they need.
like the showers. and all that.
Those are all on hold.
And it's just creepy.
during the day.
And. at night.
you don't even wanna.
you can't go out at night.
I mean. you can walk
five. ten blocks
and not see a single soul.
And. then. you'll just
see a homeless person.
smearing shit on themselves.
screaming into the void.
So. it's a little disheartening.
it's a little. like.
"I'm gonna leave my
house to get groceries
and then hide inside."
They started boarding
this up immediately.
[interviewer]  They don't
trust us much. do they?
-[woman]  No. no.
-[man]  No.
[woman]  They think we're. we're
definitely gonna break in
and steal the stupid clothes.
that are. like. worthless.
There's nowhere
to wear them now.
[laughing]
[interviewer] How do you
feel about the protestors
that are protesting that we
have to open America back up?
-Oh. God. the "Karens."
-The Karens.
[interviewer] What are those?
You know. the blond. middle-aged
women that are entitled.
That are being
slightly inconvenienced
and thinking they're
being oppressed.
The comforting part is.
we're not the only
ones doing that.
They're doing that in
countries all over the world.
They're. like. protesting
to reopen. It's crazy.
[interviewer]  What can we
learn from all of this?
[man]  I think we need to learn
that everything was wrong.
you know?
And that we need to reexamine
and to move forward.
Personally...
it's made me go very inward
and want to change.
But. as a whole.
I don't see us changing.
I think humans are disgusting.
I think we're the
virus on the planet.
[woman laughs] For sure.
[George Floyd moans]
[Police Officer]
What are you on?
[George]  I can't breathe.
Please. your knee in my neck.
I can't breathe. Shit.
[Police Officer]  Well. get
up and get in the car. man.
-I will.
-Get up. get in the car.
[George]  I can't move.
[groans]
[Police Officer]
Just get up and get in the car!
[George]  Mama. mama.
[Police Officer]  Get up and get
in the car right!
[George]  I can't.
[Police Officer]  ...I'm just
telling you to get in...
[people chanting]
George Floyd! George Floyd!
[woman] ...everybody here...
I watched this man die.
I was the one that was
recording the whole...
I posted the video last night...
it just went viral.
This man was really right here.
And. at 5:00 p.m.. yesterday.
I'm walking my cousin
to the store.
and I can see him
on the ground.
I'm. like. "What is going on?"
I pull my camera out.
This man cannot
fucking breathe at all.
He's. like. "Please. I can't
breathe. I can't breathe."
And they did not care.
They killed this man.
And I was right there.
I was. like. five feet away.
[man]  I walk over here.
I look at this man. bro.
He's on the ground.
He's screaming for his life.
He's trying to breathe. bro.
I don't know about y'all.
but when I seen
a black man on the ground.
I said. "It could have been me!
[crowd chants]
It could have been me!
-[man] It could have been me!
-[crowd] It could have been me!
[man]  It could have been me!
[crowd chants]
"George Floyd... "
[man] It could have been me.
-[man] Say his name!
-[crowd] George Floyd!
[gunfire. yelling]
[car horn honks]
Murder. They killed
that man for no reason.
I don't give a fuck about all
this white. black. whoever.
Murder is murder.
[man yells] Murder!
[man yelling]
Murder!
-[woman]  No justice!
-[crowd]  No peace!
-[woman] No justice!
-[crowd] No peace!
[crowd continues chanting]
[man] This is
an unlawful assembly.
you're being directed
to disperse.
[crowd clamoring]
[man] We have the right
to be here!
Honestly. how the fuck
do you sleep?
[indistinct chatter]
[police] Keep it tight!
Keep it tight!
[protesters] Who do you
protect?
[protesters chant] Who do you
protect? Who do you protect?
Who do you protect?
[guns firing]
[crowd clamoring]
[people scream]
[tear gas crackling]
[man] We're peaceful!
You fucking pigs!
We were peaceful!
[gunfire]
[man] You motherfucking
assholes!
[tear gas canisters
popping loudly]
Y'all ain't shit! [shouting.
indistinct] Y'all ain't shit!
It ain't even seven o'clock.
It ain't even seven.
Y'all niggas still out here
doing that bullshit!
Go. go. go. go. go. go.
[guns firing]
We're out. We're out.
Let's go. We're out.
[indistinct chatter]
[loud popping]
[resounding boom]
[police whistle blows]
[indistinct shouting]
[guns firing]
[people screaming]
[newscaster]  As protests
continue across the nation.
tonight in Washington.
police cleared a park
of peaceful protesters by using
tear gas and rubber bullets
so President Trump
could walk through.
[indistinct crowd chatter]
[siren blares]
...extraordinary use
of federal government power
to move a peaceful protest
very quickly...
-[protester]  Hands up.
-[protesters]  Don't shoot!
-[protester] Hands up.
-[protesters] Don't shoot!
[man]  It's obvious why we here.
You see it on TV.
You see it all over
social media. You see it.
You can't act like
you don't see it.
And imagine the stuff
that hasn't been on video.
Imagine the stuff that
you don't see. You feel me?
I'm scared myself.
If I get pulled over.
I'm scared I'ma die.
You feel me?
[interviewer]
Are you more afraid
of the corona or the cops?
[man]  The cops. Fuck corona.
Like...
I'm more afraid of--I--
I think I've got a better chance
of dying by cops than corona.
Fuck the cops.
[man 2]  Ever since we
were born--
My mother was born in 1961.
She raised me and taught me
what happened in the '60s
and said. "Hey. guess what?
When you grow up. you gotta
stand up to this...
'cause this is wrong."
'Cause. this is what our
country was founded on
and we ain't supposed
to change it."
So. we go get a education.
We go. try to do something good
with our lives.
And. guess what? We can go for
a run and they still kill us.
We could be in our own home.
they could still kill us.
We could be--
Have our doctorate degree.
we could be out there
birdwatching.
could be a teacher.
and they could still kill us.
Enough is enough.
That's why we out here.
[all chanting]
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
[woman]  We wouldn't have
international support
if people did not see what
that cop was doing to George.
He literally killed him
in front of the world.
So. it's a blessing.
-[man] Yes.
-It's a blessing.
If what happened to him--
50 years ago.
we wouldn't be out here
because we wouldn't know it.
we wouldn't see it.
So. thank God for cameras
on cellphones.
When I was 19 years old.
I was a knucklehead.
I got chased by the police.
I ran from the police officer.
He told me. "You're lucky
I didn't shoot you
in your back for running
from me."
Not because I was reaching
for his gun.
or trying to hit him. or...
I didn't do anything.
I was running away from him.
trying to get away.
And he told me. "You're lucky I
didn't shoot you in your back."
That's the type of police
we have in this country.
[man]  You see what
they protecting?
They protecting a landmark.
Stopping us from stopping
what they invest in.
-[protester] Hands up.
-[protesters] Don't shoot!
[woman]  I was 10 years old when
Trayvon Martin was murdered.
And I remember watching
the case... optimistic.
just knowing in my heart.
Zimmerman would be charged.
And then he was acquitted
of all charges.
And eight years later.
absolutely nothing has changed.
We have had hashtag.
after hashtag. after hashtag
and absolutely nothing
is changing.
So. that is why
I'm out here. saying.
Black Lives Matter. yet again.
which is something we shouldn't
have to be saying.
in big old 2020. that we have
to be saying our lives matter.
it's absolutely insane.
[helicopter blades whirling]
[whimsical music]
This is the Woodstock
for conservatives.
This is one of
the greatest events
for conservatives
of all time.
[man on PA]  First they said.
"The mask didn't work."
Then they said.
"No. you have to wear a mask."
It's all BS! No more masks!
No more masks!
Trump 2020! Trump 2020!
I've never worn a mask.
I don't wear masks in stores.
Don't believe in it.
I'm wearing pistols.
I don't need mask.
The Lord is my protector.
Coronavirus is fake.
I don't know anybody
with coronavirus
and I know lots and lots
of people.
Oh. you wanna hear a good
coronavirus joke?
You'll probably never get it.
That was the joke.
[all laughing]
I seen a headline. it said.
"Rise in Tulsa. Oklahoma!
Coronavirus is on a rise!"
Like. what the fuck?
-It's just not right. I mean...
-[man] No. it's not.
I mean. you guys
are saying that--
I mean. they're saying that
they care about everybody
and about your rights
and everything.
Black Lives Matter.
but they're doing
more harm to people
than the coronavirus
ever even thought about.
[woman]  Even with the
Black Lives Matter and all.
all  lives matter. You know?
It doesn't matter what color
you are. You-- We all--
I'm not gonna apologize.
for being Caucasian.
You're hypocrites!
Just go that way. man.
[man]  They're making
us the racists
when we stand up
for  everybody.
all lives.
Not just black lives.
[protesters chanting]
Black Lives Matter!
[chanting continues]
[indistinct shouting]
We think all lives matter.
This is divisive.
This is dividing America and
it's destroying our country.
-No justice!
-[protesters] No peace!
You are not a slave here.
I am a slave. I am a slave
-in this fuckin' country.
-No you're not.
No masks! We don't do them.
That's what you do.
Fuck you. bitch. Fuck you.
What is wrong with you?
Come on. man.
look at the real stuff.
don't believe the media.
-[protesters chant] USA!
-[indistinct chatter]
[clamoring]
I grew up in Chicago and you
guys are killing each other.
You from Chicago.
If I'm black.
and I go to a white
neighborhood.
-what are they gon' do to me?
-Nothing.
[arguing indistinctly]
[man]  Conversation
can change a life.
My mom taught me.
from a young age.
if you want to get a point
across to somebody.
yelling is not the way.
'cause you gotta talk to them.
This message right here.
the Black Lives Matter message.
it needs to be broadcasted.
It needs to be out in
the forefront.
I mean. I don't wanna make
anybody uncomfortable out here.
But I--that's why
I came out here.
This is shit being
brought on by the left
to make you try
to hate me.
I don't give a fuck about
left. right. none of that.
But I'm seeing
way more incidents
where people are coming
and attacking
Black Lives Matter activists
for being terrorist groups.
I am a middle-aged adult.
fucking white dude.
and I feel like I have
a fucking target on my back.
Unarmed black people
have been killed
by the police for years.
since before segregation.
It's been happening. but--
and look. back then
they'd do it.
and nothing could happen.
And now shit's still happening
after desegregation.
-Our constitution--
-This nation was built
on the back of slavery. which
owning slaves was the law.
Man. how long are you all
going to be playing
that fucking card. dude?
We're 50 years
out of apartheid. bro.
-what are you talking about?
-This is fucking bullshit.
-This is bullshit.
-We're 50 years
-out of segregation.
-I am sorry
that slavery happened.
and I'm really...
I'm indifferent. I had nothing
to do with that shit.
Were you a slave?
No. but my great-
grandfather was.
OK. and that affect--
You're in America.
land of opportunity--
Was your great-grandfather
a slave?
-No.
-Can you really fucking
hold us accountable for slavery?
I'm not holding you
accountable right now.
Then stop.
Knock it the fuck off.
One day I hope
you believe in racism.
and I hope you do some research.
or whatever. man.
I don't know what else
I can say to you.
-It's a hoax.
-[men laughing]
It's a fucking hoax. man.
I love you. brother.
[man] Aw...
[protesters chanting]
Go home racists!
[car engine roaring]
America's trying to
find itself. but it's too late.
We're gonna have a really
bad crash anyway.
It's over. baby.
-[loud popping noises]
-[people shouting]
[gentle music]
[interviewer]  If you look
back at America
at this moment in time.
how does America look?
Hungry.
We have moved more food than
I have ever seen
in my 20 years at the food bank.
[interviewer]  Who's hungry
in America today?
[man]  From what I can see.
even the middle class.
The middle class is just as
hungry as anybody else.
They're normally living
paycheck to paycheck.
[interviewer]  So. has corona
changed the face
of who shows up at
the food bank?
[man]  Yes. There have been
more calls of families
that have never been
to a food bank.
It's now one in seven people
are food insecure.
and one in four children.
as a result of COVID.
[interviewer]  What does
that mean?
[woman]  It means that
they don't know
where their next meal
is coming from.
They may have dinner tonight.
They may go to bed
without food.
[interviewer]  So. how does
America look to you right now?
I mean. I think there are way
too many people suffering.
You know. people are hungry
now on a scale
that I've never seen
in my lifetime.
I hope never to see it again.
And. I just...
the numbers aren't going down.
[interviewer]  So. you don't
see it getting any better
-any time soon?
-[woman]  No. I really don't.
Our society is set up
in such a way
that there are haves
and have nots.
and the people who are haves.
have it great.
And the people who are have
nots are really struggling.
They always really struggle.
and they are struggling
even harder right now.
And right now. I just don't see
our way out of it.
unfortunately.
[birds chirping]
[woman]  At this moment in time.
with both corona
and the Black Lives Matter
movement.
kind of puts people in a really
uncomfortable position.
And I think that's a moment
for growth for a lot of people.
[interviewer]  At the same time.
America's reopening.
the COVID numbers are spiking.
Yeah.
We are literally dropping
like 60. 70.000 cases
in a day. and all our
governors are like.
"Hey. let's open."
-Yeah.
-Really?
[man]  Florida just had
15.000 new cases today.
which is more than
some countries.
So. clearly. it didn't work out
as well as we had
originally anticipated.
We've really. you know.
had arrogance blind us
to really proactively being able
to prepare for the future.
And. I don't think we can
be arrogant anymore
because we are consistently
the source
of so much shame and
embarrassment on a global scale.
[interviewer]  How're you
feeling about your country
-right now?
-[man]  Sad. depressed. angry.
[interviewer]  Do you think
this is a turning point
-in American history?
-I think it is.
or I think it's a turning point
in the history of the world.
I think the coronavirus
is changing everything.
[man]  The whole--
This whole pandemic thing.
you know. it set off
just a chain reaction of
all these other things.
all these other frustrations.
that have been boiling up
from beneath the surface.
So. the fact that
we're seeing so many things
just...um....
erupting at the same time.
it just shows. like.
what kind of house of cards
we've been building
for a while. So...
[interviewer]  How do you feel
about the fact that
the cases are spiking in
America. but we're reopening?
The fact that it's come to that.
people have to choose
between livelihood
or their lives is...
Well. I guess that's gonna
define 2020. isn't it?
[Newscaster]  President Trump
begins his 4th of July weekend
with a visit
to South Dakota tonight.
He'll participate in an
Independence Day celebration
at Mt. Rushmore.
["America the Beautiful"
playing]
[woman] Such a perfect symbol
of America--
our founding fathers.
[woman shouting] Do you wanna
fuckin' die. motherfuckers?
[overlapping shouting]
[man] Hey! Shut up!
[woman] No!
I'm not gonna shut up.
[woman]  There are
a lot of people
who are coming up here
to see the President.
And we're here to show
his supporters
that they're on stolen land.
this is our land.
Make America Great Again!
America was never great.
[singing in native language]
[indistinct chatters]
[man]  You know.
every one of them people
carved on the mountain
is part of the genocide
of the Native American race.
It symbolizes oppression
and continued oppression.
[protestors chanting.
shouting indistinctly]
[man]  They are protecting
the occupied--
illegal occupied territory
of whatever the hell
that is over there.
So. that's what you're seeing
here today at Mt. Rushmore.
This is what happens
when you forget we exist!
[indistinct shouting]
We've remained
silent long enough!
We will stand 'til you hear us!
[shouting continues]
O beautiful
For spacious skies...
[man] ...and don't lay
a goddamn finger
on our children!
[woman] Whoo!
USA! USA!
For purple mountains
Majesties
Above the fruited plain...
America
America...
[all shouting]
[protester]  USA! USA!
USA! USA! USA!
[man] I hope you're all happy
with the "American way!"
[indistinct yelling]
The white man stole our land.
Why should we pay for
the sins of our fathers?
But I'm just a Trump supporter.
I just wanna come
see my President.
I'm like...
somehow. I'm the--the picture
of what they hate.
America
God shed His grace on thee
And crown thy good
With brotherhood
From sea
To shining
Sea
Are you lost in the world
Like me?
If the systems have failed
Are you free?
All the things
All the loss
Can you see?
Are you lost in the world
Like me?
Like me...